PDF - documentation draft (#3497)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/Object Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/margin/bottom.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Generates space at the bottom of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the margin at the bottom of the page.
```

> Generates space from the bottom side of the page.

Reviewer: Generates space **at** the bottom of the page.
